# Langley_Freddie
#Introduction
The cost of insulin has skyrocketed in the 21st century. The cost of insulin can surge to over $250 for a vial of insulin and due to the sensitivity of a patient’s glucose level, multiple vials may be required for their therapeutic intervention. You cannot put a price on healthcare but in the case of medicine, we can execute cost effectiveness analysis to provide options for a patient to make a decision regarding their medication dosage. There is not a commonality in how patients with Diabetes respond to the medication. More importantly there is not a commonality in the affordability for patients with diabetes. Insulin is not the only way to manage diabetes. Other therapeutic interventions include Metformin (Glucophage) as well as Trulicity. It is my goal to utilize cost effectiveness analysis to provide a ratio for patients to see the relationship between the cost of a medication and the effects of the medication. In this particular scenario, this analysis will provide the cost of the diabetic therapeutic intervention in relation to lower glucose levels. The trade-off is that patients will have to make greater energy expenditures as well as modest diet choices. 
Problem
Patient C has been diagnosed with a chronic disease called Diabetes. It is known that patients with the same diseases do not respond similarity to the types and dosages of medicine. There are a number of factors involved in the success of a patient responding to the medication positively. Those factors include stress level, diet, and exercise. Considering those factors, an injection may be the best route or patients can receive therapy in a pill form. Patent C has been experiencing A1C test results if 10.4 and 11.1. The standard that patients should shoot for is under 5.5 mmol/L. If the patient chooses to not change their medication, they could experience some serious health issues that stem from the complications of Diabetes.
Objective
To maximize the quality of health subject to constraints of medication expenditures
